Wedding Venue Dreams Come True at Grand Mantram Resort
Grand Mantram is more than just a wedding venue—it is a destination that turns dreams into reality. With its beautifully designed banquet hall, open terrace hall, and lush green gardens,
swimming pool, family lounge it serves as an ideal venue for family &amp; couples who want to celebrate their special day in a grand in stylish way. 
Every couple expect of a dream venue for wedding , and at Grand Mantram, we ensure that each moment is magical and memorable.

Why is Grand Mantram the Ideal Wedding Venue?
-Lush Green Lawns – We do have two different lush green lawns or spacious outdoor wedding venue for grand celebrations.

-Designer Banquet Hall – A stunning indoor wedding venue with contemporary interiors.

-Open Terrace Hall – A unique venue with combination of a lush green garden to celebrate events with fresh vibes & looks.

-Luxury Accommodation – 35 contemporary rooms available for guests to stay & relax with family.

-Swimming Pool – An addition facility to give you relaxation & freshness during your stay and to celebrate multiple events like Haldi, Mehndi, cocktail, and Sangeet celebrations.

-Customized Food & Decor – to provide customized decor themes & menus during & stay/events services to match your wedding theme.

-Entertainment & Sound System – A variety of entertainment creates an energetic and lively atmosphere in all the events based on the ceremony, theme & mood of the party.

-Pre-Wedding Shoot Locations – Stunning backdrops to capture your memories in real life.

All the facilities at Grand Mantram are thoughtfully designed to enhance the experience of your event day, making it the most sought-after venue in Gwal Pahari, Gurgaon.

Host Every Celebration with Style & Comfort

Apart from being an exceptional venue for wedding, Grand Mantram is also perfect for hosting a variety of other events:

Social Events – Haldi, Mehandi, Sagan, sangeet, Wedding, Reception, Anniversaries, birthdays, engagement parties, and more.

Corporate Events – Conferences, Annual Day, Corporate Dinner, Cocktail dinner, off-sites, and team-building programmers.

Weekend Stay – A luxurious getaway for relaxation and rejuvenation with Family & Friends at your favorite destination.

In all the events, Grand Mantram ensures that every single event is planned in different way to give varity, offering an unmatched standard of hospitality, food, decor and service.

A Wedding Venue That Offers More Than Just place
At Grand Mantram, we believe that a venue should be more than just a location—it should be an experience. Our team is dedicated to celebrate a wedding that reflects your culture, mindset,
personality, taste, and vision. From floral decorations to elegant seating arrangements, gourmet catering to flawless service,
we try to put extra efforts to ensure your special day is nothing short of spectacular.

Grand Mantram try to offer you the best Wedding Venue Experience in Delhi-Ncr
The beauty of Grand Mantram as a wedding venue depends in its ability to customize according to your dreams. Whether you desire a lavish royal wedding or an intimate gathering ceremony,
our venue can be customized to match your preferences.
Venue with Extraordinary Services
To make your event hassle-free, we provide:

✔ Event Planners – To ensuring a smooth flow during the events.
✔ Bride & Groom Entry Planning – Unique and grand entrances for a memorable moment.
✔ Theme-Based Decor – Personalized setups for every wedding style.
✔ Hospitality & Guest Management – Taking care of every guest with warmth and efficiency.
✔ Customisation Catering Options – A variety of cuisines to delight your guests.

More Than Just a Wedding Venue – Grand Mantram is just not a wedding place. Here, try to celebrate your day as a luxurious retreat where families come together to celebrate 
their kinds big day, from welcome dinner to mehndi ceremony with colour, from Sagan ritual to cocktail dinner party dance, Haldi ceremony custom to wedding vows &, lastly, 
reception cum thank-you dinner with all.

Why Our Venue is Different?

We are not only offering a traditional touch; we try to offer a royal touch in weddings, an elegant look in ceremonies, & a classy feel during dinners. Try to define your culture, 
elegance & custom & class during all varieties of our venues & services.

Are you still waiting? Book your wedding venue in Gurgaon!

If you are looking for the perfect wedding venue in Gurgaon, Grand Mantram Hotel & Resort is your best destination. With beautiful venues, rooms, extraordinary services, 
and world-class facilities & amenities, we guarantee a memorable experience for you and your guests.

Contact: 85953 44688
Email: info@grandmantramresort.in
Visit our website: https://grandmantramresort.in/





























































































